Copyright 2020, Voxel51, Inc.
All rights reserved.

FREEWARE LICENSE AND END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
For the FiftyOne Brain

TL;DR

The functionality in the FiftyOne Brain software package is closed-source,
freeware. You have permission to use it for most purposes: you may not attempt
to decompile it or resell it, but the output of it can be used for commercial
or non-commercial purposes. Voxel51, Inc. has no liability to the accuracy or
veracity of the findings resulting from the use of the FiftyOne Brain.

NOTICE TO USER

Please read this carefully. By using all or any portion of the Software you
accept all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree, do
not use this Software.

1. DEFINITIONS

When used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective
meanings indicated, such meanings to be applicable to both the singular and
plural forms of the terms defined:

-   "Licensor" means Voxel51, Inc.

-   "Licensee" means You or Your Company, unless otherwise indicated.

-   "Software" means (a) all of the contents of the files with which this
    Agreement is provided, including but not limited to (i) registration
    information, i.e. License key which is unique for a registration name of
    the Licensee; (ii) related explanatory written materials or files
    ("Documentation"); (iii) Software files, configuration files, setup files
    and code samples (if any); (iv) Data files and model files; and (b)
    upgrades, modified versions, updates, additions, and copies of the
    Software, if any, licensed to you by Voxel51, Inc. (collectively,
    "Updates").

-   "Use" or "Using" means to access, install, download, copy or otherwise
    benefit from using the functionality of the Software in accordance with
    the Documentation.

-   "System" means Windows OS, GNU/Linux or Mac OS X, or any virtual machine.

2. GENERAL USE

You are granted a non-exclusive License to Use the downloaded Software for any
purposes for an unlimited period of time.

The software product under this License is provided free of charge. Even though
a license fee is not paid for the use of such software, it does not mean that
there are no conditions for using such software.

2.1. The Software may be installed and Used by the Licensee for any legal
purpose in which the User has direct value from the use of and output of the
Software.

2.2. The Software may be installed and Used by the Licensee on any number of
systems. On each system, the software may be used by individuals and be used by
one GPU card at any time.

2.3. The Software may not be resold as a service in any capacity.

2.4. The Software can be copied and distributed under the condition that
original copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty will stay intact and the
Licensee will not charge money or fees for the Software product, except to
cover distribution costs.

2.6. The Licensee will not have any proprietary rights in and to the Software.
The Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the Licensor retains all copyrights
and other proprietary rights in and to the Software.

2.7 Use within the scope of this License is free of charge and no royalty or
licensing fees shall be paid by the Licensee.

3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

3.1 This License does not transmit any intellectual rights on the Software. The
Software and any copies that the Licensee is authorized by the Licensor to make
are the intellectual property of and are owned by the Licensor.

3.2 The Software is protected by copyright, including without limitation by
Copyright Law and international treaty provisions.

3.3 Any copies that the Licensee is permitted to make pursuant to this
Agreement must contain the same copyright and other proprietary notices that
appear on or in the Software.

3.4 The structure, organization and code of the Software are the valuable trade
secrets and confidential information of the Licensor. The Licensee agrees not
to decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of
the Software.

3.5 Any attempts to reverse-engineer, copy, clone, modify or alter in any way
the installer program without the Licensor’s specific approval are strictly
prohibited. The Licensee is not authorized to use any plug-in or enhancement
that permits to save modifications to a file with software licensed and
distributed by the Licensor.

3.6 Trademarks shall be used in accordance with accepted trademark practice,
including identification of trademarks owners’ names. Trademarks can only be
used to identify printed output produced by the Software and such use of any
trademark does not give the Licensee any rights of ownership in that trademark.

4. WARRANTY

4.1 The Licensor warrants that:

4.1.1 The Licensor owns the Software and documentation and/or is in possession
of valid and existing licenses that support the terms of this Agreement;

4.1.2 the Software conforms to specifications and functionality as specified
in Documentation;

4.1.3 to the best of the Licensor’s knowledge, the Software does not infringe
upon or violate any intellectual property right of any third party;

4.1.4 the Software does not contain any routine, intentionally designed by the
Licensor to disable a computer program, or computer instructions that may
alter, destroy or inhibit the processing environment.

4.2 Except those warranties specified in section 4.1 above, the Software is
being delivered to the Licensee "AS IS" and the Licensor makes no warranty as
to its use or performance.

The Licensor does not and cannot warrant the performance or results the
Licensee may obtain by using the Software. The entire risk arising out of use
or performance of the Software remains with the Licensee.

The Licensor gives no warranty, express or implied, that (i) the Software will
be of satisfactory quality, suitable for any particular purpose or for any
particular use under specified conditions, notwithstanding that such purpose,
use, or conditions may be known to the Licensor; or (ii) that the Software will
operate error free or without interruption or that any errors will be
corrected.

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

In no event will the Licensor be liable for any damages, claims or costs
whatsoever or any consequential, indirect, incidental damages, or any lost
profits or lost savings, even if the Licensor has been advised of the
possibility of such loss, damages, claims or costs or for any claim by any
third party.

In no event will the Licensee be liable to the Licensor on condition that the
Licensee complies with all terms and conditions stated in this License.

6. NON-WAIVER

If a portion of this agreement is held unenforceable, the remainder shall be
valid. It means that if one section of the Agreement is not lawful, the rest of
the Agreement is still in force. A party’s failure to exercise any right under
this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of (a) any other terms or
conditions of this Agreement, or (b) a right at any time thereafter to require
exact and strict compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

7. ATTRIBUTION

Any screenshot of the output of the Software or result obtained from the
Software that is used in reporting, marketing whether print or digital will
acknowledge the use of FiftyOne by Voxel51.
